Upgrade Gradle to 7.4.2 (#3)
TeamDev-IP/JxBrowser-QuickStart: Gradle/JavaFX-11/README.md

# JxBrowser in JavaFX 11+ Gradle Project

> This example demonstrates how to configure a Gradle project with JxBrowser to embed an JavaFX `BrowserView` widget into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to configure a Gradle project with JxBrowser to embed a JavaFX `BrowserView` widget into
```

a JavaFX desktop application to display web pages.

## Prerequisites

To compile and run this example please make sure you use Java 11 or higher.

## Download the Project

Clone this repository using the following command:

 ```bash
 git clone https://github.com/TeamDev-IP/JxBrowser-QuickStart
 cd JxBrowser-QuickStart/Gradle/JavaFX-11
 ```

## Get License

> Download a free 30-day evaluation license key by sending a request via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download a free 30-day trial key by sending a request via
```
